I'm working good night Brasilia March 12 7 pm
my side here our health minister mandetta from mato grosso do sul to
road which served for three years there in whatsapp glorious leonardo is a great
hug to all mato grosso do sul extension and optics sure ok
logically the issue today is going to be basically the coronavirus and quickly
a passage what happened the week very quickly go into details
fiat will stay here enjoying the corn health after all is what is today
on the agenda of brazil and the world of the world of their worries represents ok
ok is that the time that in view does not have a great lethality more who has
another 60 years increases a little bit, you know, the base fifteen percent was arrested for
percent so every 100 people over 60 years old which is my case may have
complications there may be more serious complications then i'm wearing a mask
because our recent trip to the united states one of the people who come with me
on the flight and when he went down in são paulo he went to do
the usual exams and it was positive with everyone's head I was not going all
we today collector matter all of us still haven't worked but i have something to
difference saying there it was negative hopefully this one works with this cold
if it was true, you know, but it didn't work yet it will have been in the next few
hours has the result here of mine and a few more people who were
with us quickly united states we have dinner that mr. mistress trampi
we signed a big agreement that depends on the parliament's entry into force i
I sent the deputy up here so you know how it works it is something
in defense, right, today there is included research development test and
evaluation then we are we are if the congress always approves our
congress there it is if congress approves we will be the 15th country to make this agreement
with the united states this is very good for us because investment defense
and we also had on the spree remember she will not go into details one thing
important here because politics is always right when the region there
saints guarujá and são vicente at 10 days was committed in torrential rains where
many people lost their lives on the same day our minister misdemeanors
regional marine rogério called the mayors of santos guarujá and are
vicente made himself available and on the same day also the best on the day
following our gil difference coffee went to the region and all measures
applicable to the government as long as requested by the mayors and which one is legal
met with for example was released to come here until separate to the bpt for
situation of the guarujá person so we are doing our part the army
Brazilian in particular you live effective, but also present the Navy of
nazca had their men at the disposal of these from this municipalities to
delivery of basic basket the delivery of water and some more
jobs that could be done using manpower to be personal have as the
means that the armed forces is owns then staff was attended to had the
participation not the other way around here a politician had the region always did
lying, you know, saying he’s doing it, I’m not worried about who’s doing it
right we have to do is state municipality and union of mayors are concerned
with that and the president also last news came here more often
everybody's interested, we're on, her mother is worried, you know, the
fuel dropped an average of thirty percent a few days ago had a crisis the
Brazil I don’t like it I think they say we’re going up thirty percent
a fight there from Saudi Arabia with russia is an excess of oil in the
market the price fell and I saw you there in the salon today I don't know the right percentage
it was quite is another sixth drop in the price of
diesel and gasoline here in Brazil is up to the arm that has its policy
tied to the international price of oil so stay out there that's the
petrobras police fall that gave also do not know a fake news there that the government
would be interested in increasing the federal tax the case of the seed so that the price
it's never not true it's there yes now I determined that the law that is
comply with the petrobras policy, I don't interfere until now when someone
want to interfere from the outside then I interfere so that there is no interference so the
people wait here at the end of the line the price of fuel will fall because never
fell if i'm not mistaken is in rio de janeiro and february in the little piece of
in March we lowered the fuel price by almost twenty percent at the refinery and I
I wait for you I have no power for that someone wants to charge you cannot charge
cover me with your governor now
and go to the guy at the gas station you can lose tv and the question is
why didn't he download black with the reason to tell you why he
didn’t find it because the price of ours is almost people percent cheaper
taking into account the price of the first January of the current year
my side here our language interpreter okay she went to put a
appropriate mask for that to pass my side that I still remain under
suspect one of the people here seeing plane with us has already given results
negative the used tire negative and everyone is expected to be negative too
stay positive just because of the fact that he's there in são paulo now 40 years old
he is fine, he is fine, clinically, well, I sent this one, let's go inside, let's go
this virus there the coronavirus is to scare good first who's looking at
masked people here the interpreter the brand president everybody
used to seeing that broad smile from the president came in a mask and saw the
minister with this mask is different hers is blue and mine but this shape
here is for us to show how people for example if you go to
doctor and you have look I had this whole process here the person had he will give you
meet with a mask like this is the reason we put it on to show how
if you are not wearing a glove I washed the
alcohol gel hands when you leave here alcohol gel or gel right there on the table
president here so when I need it when the appointment is over the doctor will
pass the alcohol gel he can finally take the correct measures we pass
as well as how japan is distancing people asking
mainly for people we will take care of the elderly who are the ones who
complicate children the vast majority make 30 40 percent have the virus and do not even have
symptom it only serves to pass on but they are the ones that will bring the
block then everyone has a competent immune system then the virus
will fall in china it has already happened it has already happened as china started to count
from january january february march but in china we know that
started back in November so what will take a while when
people will have colds flu we will protect our elderly which is the
big problem of the virus when a lot of people are at the same time get the virus the
elderly people who complicate at the same time go to the hospital and that’s what we’re
reinforcing the copper cti bed right we had the carnival two weeks ago right
whoever against the cell phone now it's time for him to come out is not it now
is the average incubation time when the person comes into contact they say it is
from 3 to 5 days with the peak on the fourth day but there are people who say it can be in the
seventh or eighth more so the carnival served more to the Brazilians who
went to europe were thalles father listen to what almost the majority of cases
it was a Brazilian who came from Italy here, we noticed and saw
the cases today even have a history of the ship there that starts to be seen ship
and from italy for us to get patience the young girl how is it how is it
our 55,000 river is there our young woman to transmit knowledge where not
Okay, I even sent one, it’s already planned in the movement for Sunday, the grandmother
Sunday is right there are people sharing it there will not work until
I recorded a speech that will happen in a little while 20 and 30 I will not
enter bh from here I recorded a pronouncement that is worth the 20 and 30
obviously this movement in my understanding that no I was not the one who
programmed is a spontaneous popular spontaneous movement and you with political
right, everyone wants a coffee with the people, but not just a partner during the
elections have to be during a pain so it gives all the people wanted to go
manifesting against or in favor we have no problem so a certain division is
in view of more people who can join that day help me to pay
so the side we will see afterwards are
Paulo present the subways it must be full out there the buses from Rio de Janeiro
so full january i think campo grande mato grosso do sul also the bus in this
side of there so it is has an aspect has an aspect has to take into account has
there is more a grouping of people ok then the population is a little
when divided a lot of people come in I go to my wife and kids I didn't see
not my father my grandfather who is close to there don't go there so I have to see this
air movement on the 15th, in a little while, putting the church there talking about access
what we should do now is to avoid and the plane there is an explosion of people
infected because hospitals would not give a flow
this is the x of the question if you take any action sorry sorry and then
of that was a certain limit no longer gives as the system does not support weight
and then problems happen, people are favorable because people end up dying
for another reason I’m going to say here the corolla is now the president of
republic i have to take a stand please although the movement is not
mine enters spontaneous and popular but you have it so what is it
in a little while it will be 8:30 ok one of the ideas right there is to suspend postpone from here
a month two months has already been given a tremendous message for the map here the
payment message was anything so I remembered those amendments and the
rapporteur understood that he will have autonomy for series c billion of
real or not she was not given let me try I have bought a
is to take the rest I go to court but there was a problem on the internet
and we’re basically going to close now I just asked
for the one-handed guy, I'm 64 years old if I give up the house in a little while
and the positive test, right, don't see my case, is that I do it for people more than
60 years runs that she cuts the rigid 64 year old man who does his
hiking has already passed its organism through aggression was that stab until today barely
explained, right, but finally he overcame his strong immune system
but the vast majority do very well thank you makes a cold
flu has to be careful on behalf of other people if it is positive
president is going to have to dispatch from here we are going to recommend the isolation
if it is not positive or from another virus that is more common than the
influenza we release life that goes back to normal everybody taking care
respiratory etiquette use alcohol gel wash your hands and let's get on with life and
week by week we will see we will fight a lot there will be good days will
have difficult days but with brazil it will come out of this I think a
time that everyone takes special care of themselves can lead to
normal life is this the Japanese take care of the elderly a lot right there
there is no asylum the eldest son is the one who takes care of father and mother of grandfather and grandmother so there
they are managing to take care of the elderly when, for example, we are going to finish class
tomorrow dad and mom take the child and send it to grandma's house we're taking
children who are mostly asymptomatic carriers of glass
to stay inside the home of the elderly we will take care of nursing homes
let's drive as best as possible and let's pass everyone together
good people thank you very much for the audience for the opportunity we ask
God this problem comes out soon decipher here in our country we will
normality is okay, we are facing the issue of scholarship
values ​​that plummet dollar going up is happening
hello all the economic measures the economic team has taken now we are not
that power that we have in abundance like united states that can
be to occur with much more property for example the small
companies we don’t have this facility we all have a seated cast budget
more than ninety-three percent of our budget is expenses
you can relocate very little water and you release five
bibles in some in the provisional measure to be the measure to use five tomorrow
billion for health for exactly the coronavirus issue that's it more
one thing but in the end we’re together we’ll take care of our president now
and 86 has our our launch we are we want to collaborate
we recognize the legitimacy of the movements people know it but with
caution and chicken soup I will not say that the politician who is afraid of the people does not
have to be positive will be the politician of a mandate only that the people on the streets
manifesting as it has always manifested itself in an orderly and peaceful way and
democracy is his right against or in favor of whoever is obviously of the
my part is no one can attack parliament the executive or judiciary has
people who are not in agreement and what do you think you have to
happen all right now institutions don't have to be preserved because
and we, right, over time, we go, the people, right, decorating, right, the president is not
seeing the gift exchange for me 22 leaving the legislature is the same thing the judiciary
I can indicate if I have lived there and the president, you know, indicate the end of this
year a minister of the federal supreme court and another the next year here will
be excuse me here the indication is mine ok you can have your opinion suggested the
willing to suggest to the Attorney General of the Republic a war
on the internet it was a war we indicate here the dr augusto aras in the middle understood
are doing an exceptional job their positions facing the economy are
being exceptional thoughtful in putting it vibrating with him he’s solving
also appeasing is participation day of peace and from there collection of flows of
the juice game comes from Indians so you're doing a job it's always just
Of course, one thing or another, we can disagree, but be patient.
as well as me, there are people that I don't like some, this is not that I take
patience I can't get 100 percent you want at the end of the line but
it improves and the appointment of the supreme is well is very sorry right you guys me
have given this legitimacy are with all respect are you can you think you should
be the john or the maria and your think that it has to be the antonyx or the laura attention
mine is right I'll say that I intend to indicate someone that you will have
that going through a hearing in the senate is not just my recommendation until the
people here and there is a hearing in the senate that can be disapproved can you know, but I
I want to put the supreme kingdom that really serves the interests of the nation
Brazilian is not a person who has a vision land my vision is this is not
just this one, I want to know what you thought after a visit
supreme federal court to represent for brazil as a whole
Okay and obviously as I said, you have to sign with me that with
first that you trust me also I will not indicate one of these to the supreme know
that you don’t have done the juninho profile because you don’t have knowledge
legal but yes my advice do not trust i cannot indicate a diet
over there this the simple man watch just goes over there it has to be independent
has but it is not independence and from the moment of his inauguration right he has to
be in line with the interest of the majority of the Brazilian population
question of the most varied possible right that meets the interest of the majority of
Brazilian population and will have to trust me you do not trust me I will not
trust or will not stay there so I repeat who will drive if alive is
until then, right and as a mandate I will appoint a person for the supreme end of the year
good that said it may not be a picture of your profile but the indication me
excuse is mine there my adherence to the book vision I want someone to want to talk
that really represents brazil within the supreme am the view stores say that
those who are there I’m not representing in the distance I’m not doing any
critical federal supreme court want a person to have a similar view
with mine and trust me to take over the federal supreme court very
thank you all and see you next Thursday if god wants tomorrow
patient result will be well worth